Why can't I be here?
Yarou's birthday party
Can a lowly scumbag like you come?
It polluted the air.
What does it matter to you who I call for my birthday?
I didn't ask you what are you doing here?
I'm your fiance?
I even celebrated your birthday at that time
This is me suddenly from South Africa
Dracaena bought by 500 million
If you like it
Make it into ice cream
As expected of Mr. Xiao
As soon as you make a move, it is your unparalleled generosity
Yo, did you buy a gift too?
I don't know where I got it from
The ground will not fall
But I did buy it at a jewelry store
The jewelry store is at most in the tens of millions
What do you compare to sales?
People who can compare with sales in Beijing
does not exist
So let's open it up.
What is it?
Yaruo, this is my gift to you.
Galactic Love
This is not a top design guru.
A mountain closure without a guardian or a master?